Qin Feng, why are you?
What brings you here?
You are surprised
Did you do this occasion?
Qin Feng, you don't even consider your own worth
wife
We wanted to go up in bronze.
The Qing army sued you
I didn't expect you to dare to trespass
It's killing itself
Now that you know this is a happy side
How did you get in here?
I brought them in.
I got an invitation letter from the Qing Army
Don't think that Youxuan will support you
You can do whatever you want
We've figured it out.
Make sure you're not alert at all
You are just covered by that Xuanque
I think he is wrong. Xuan Que, as the ninth master's person
The company did not discriminate against the three major families
That's not right either.
They delivered it to your head today, that's right.
Jiu Ye will come later
Wait for the ninth master to come
You guys are just waiting to die
It seems that he is an adult that no one can be
Would you like to introduce to us
Fart name
You laugh.
This person was picked up by my house
One by one
Lie
Mud can't hold up to the wall
Exactly.
He's just a storm-eating trash
When you see a powerful woman, you jump up
It's just a disgrace to men
OK
And such disgusting people
Yes, our three families are out of justice
I wanted to fix him
I didn't expect to be put together by him
So
No wonder I'm so down
This kind of person also comes to worship the banquet
Today, the top 100 families welcome the Qing army
Waiting to be canonized as a gift for the soldiers of the hundred battles
As soon as the one arrives here
There is no room for ordinary tombs
The presence of this son here is an insult to that one
Do you hear me?
This is not you
Go away
Do you think a mouse poop ruined a pot of soup?
Spread it out get out
Get out get out
Get out
Get out get out get out